338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_migrate_live_migration_rds_roles.md

```

<Highlight type="important">

AWS RDS does not permit dumping of roles with passwords, which
is why the above command is executed with the `--no-role-passwords`. However,

> when the migration of roles to your Tiger Cloud service is complete, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when the migration of roles to your $SERVICE_LONG is complete, you
```

need to manually assign passwords to the necessary roles using the following
command:`ALTER ROLE name WITH PASSWORD 'password';`

</Highlight>

> Tiger Cloud services do not support roles with superuser access. If your SQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$SERVICE_LONGs do not support roles with superuser access. If your SQL
```
